I chose the tie in the outfit of the day
with choosing love because being blinded
by love is kind of like removing
articles of clothing you have to remove
the sunglasses in order to see which
will you have to remove the top layer in
order to find your inner self
you put my love in motion for I know
anything I gave you my devotion tied
myself to your strings you leave me
hanging here babe can't take the downs
and ups no too busy boy to stay here
tingles in yo yo love I shouldn't notice
the signs when you cross the lines you
hurt me one too many times maybe my
heart but to be with your father it
should have ended at the start look at
now spinning around yo yo love
I'll let you take me along I couldn't
help myself no just had that thing about
you played me like no one else I've
never felt so stupid I've kept up it's
all stuff I'm tired of being your fool
tangled in yo yo love should notice the
sides when you cross the lines you hurt
me once you're mad niggas gave you my
heart but you do it so far it should've
ended at the start look at me now spend
in a brown eye yo yo la
yo love
going down no my strings attached no